fix: (sfui2-1258) added missing accessibility notes for some of components (#2874)
vuestorefront/storefront-ui: apps/docs/components/components/badge.md

<!-- end react -->
</Showcase>

## Accessibility Notes

> The component itseld does not provide any specific accessibility features. Please make sure that the content displayed in SfBadge component is meaningful and understable by all users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component itself does not provide any specific accessibility features. Please make sure that the content displayed in SfBadge component is meaningful and understandable by all users.
```
